problem here is that we want to be able
to reconstruct misaki's and the problem
is that currently solutions rely
rely on paper keys right so on paper
keys are not very convenient for users
and they simply store them in unsecured
places right so that's that kind of
sucks
so our solution is like to establish a
multi-layered approach where we have
something you know like in via memory
for instance a song or a video that
triggers the enhancer to something is
something that you have like something a
secret installed in your device or
something like that it can be like your
fingerprint or or iris that you can use
as well and and then also something that
is delegated to a friend's like a secret
that you share with a friend and by
applying like M of n of these things we
could reconstruct a master key using
this multi-layered approach so this is
just an idea that needs of course
research and also the wax of these needs
to be very easy for users to set up but
I think in the end if we accomplish this
it will be really awesome for the user
the users for from a user experience
perspective and I think that's it if I
summarized it correctly so thank you and
I didn't waste the two minutes
[Applause]